README.md, before:

<img align="right" width="300px" height="300px"
     title="Size Limit logo" src="https://i.imgur.com/9xdFwQq.png">


[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/harababurel/gcsf.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/harababurel/gcsf)
[![Crates.io](http://meritbadge.herokuapp.com/gcsf)](https://crates.io/crates/gcsf)
[![Docs](https://docs.rs/gcsf/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/gcsf/latest/gcsf/)<br>
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/harababurel/gcsf.svg)](https://github.com/harababurel/gcsf/issues)
[![MIT License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/harababurel/gcsf/blob/master/LICENSE)
![Contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-orange.svg)

GCSF is a virtual filesystem that allows users to mount their Google Drive account locally and interact with it as a regular disk partition. You can find out more in this [paper](https://sergiu.ml/~sergiu/thesis.pdf).

### Installation

Make sure you have the `fuse` library installed (for macOS users: [osxfuse](https://osxfuse.github.io/); on Ubuntu, the `libfuse-dev` package). GCSF requires the stable branch of the Rust programming language, which can be installed following the instructions on [rustup.rs](https://rustup.rs).

Afterwards, you can simply run:

```bash
$ cargo install gcsf
```

This will generate the `gcsf` binary in `$HOME/.cargo/bin`. Make sure that this directory is in your `PATH` variable: `export PATH=$PATH:$HOME/.cargo/bin`

Alternatively, you can download a [release binary](https://github.com/harababurel/gcsf/releases) for your platform.

### Configuration

GCSF will attempt to create a configuration file in `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/gcsf/gcsf.toml`, which is usually defined as `$HOME/.config/gcsf/gcsf.toml`.

### Usage

```bash
$ gcsf mount /mnt/gcsf
Please direct your browser to https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/[...] and follow the instructions displayed there.
```

You can now find the contents of your Drive account in `/mnt/gcsf`:

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/jdFIu5Y.png" alt="GCSF ls"
       width="530px" height="165px">
</p>

Using Ranger:
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/BuS9BDD.png" alt="GCSF in Ranger"
       width="616px" height="351px">
</p>


Or Thunar:
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/9JSDqez.jpg" alt="GCSF in Thunar"
       width="746px" height="176px">
</p>

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome. You can also help by reporting or fixing [bugs](https://github.com/harababurel/gcsf/issues).

Commit message:

Add README instructions for osxfuse and pkg-config.

README.md, after:

<img align="right" width="300px" height="300px"
     title="Size Limit logo" src="https://i.imgur.com/9xdFwQq.png">


[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/harababurel/gcsf.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/harababurel/gcsf)
[![Crates.io](http://meritbadge.herokuapp.com/gcsf)](https://crates.io/crates/gcsf)
[![Docs](https://docs.rs/gcsf/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/gcsf/latest/gcsf/)<br>
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/harababurel/gcsf.svg)](https://github.com/harababurel/gcsf/issues)
[![MIT License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/harababurel/gcsf/blob/master/LICENSE)
![Contributions welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-orange.svg)

GCSF is a virtual filesystem that allows users to mount their Google Drive account locally and interact with it as a regular disk partition. You can find out more in this [paper](https://sergiu.ml/~sergiu/thesis.pdf).

### Requirements

GCSF requires the stable branch of the Rust programming language, which can be installed following the instructions on [rustup.rs](https://rustup.rs). If you already have Rust installed, make sure that it is updated to the latest version (≥1.26):

```bash
$ rustup update stable
```

#### OSX

On Mac OSX, GCSF requires [osxfuse](https://osxfuse.github.io/) and [pkg-config](http://macappstore.org/pkg-config/):

```bash
$ brew update; brew install pkg-config; brew tap homebrew/cask; brew cask install osxfuse
```

#### Ubuntu

On Ubuntu, GCSF requires [libfuse-dev](https://packages.ubuntu.com/trusty/libfuse-dev) and [pkg-config](https://packages.ubuntu.com/xenial/pkg-config):

```bash
sudo apt-get install -y libfuse-dev pkg-config
```

#### Other linux distros

Make sure you have `pkg-config` and the `fuse` library installed. These are usually found in the package repositories of major distributions.

### Installation

After all requirements are met, GCSF can be installed using `cargo`:


```bash
$ cargo install gcsf
```

This will generate the `gcsf` binary in `$HOME/.cargo/bin`. Make sure that this directory is in your `PATH` variable: `export PATH=$PATH:$HOME/.cargo/bin`

Alternatively, you can download a [release binary](https://github.com/harababurel/gcsf/releases) for your platform.

### Configuration

GCSF will attempt to create a configuration file in `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/gcsf/gcsf.toml`, which is usually defined as `$HOME/.config/gcsf/gcsf.toml`.

### Usage

```bash
$ gcsf mount /mnt/gcsf
Please direct your browser to https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/[...] and follow the instructions displayed there.
```

You can now find the contents of your Drive account in `/mnt/gcsf`:

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/jdFIu5Y.png" alt="GCSF ls"
       width="530px" height="165px">
</p>

Using Ranger:
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/BuS9BDD.png" alt="GCSF in Ranger"
       width="616px" height="351px">
</p>


Or Thunar:
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/9JSDqez.jpg" alt="GCSF in Thunar"
       width="746px" height="176px">
</p>

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome. You can also help by reporting or fixing [bugs](https://github.com/harababurel/gcsf/issues).
